# Diabetes-Patient-Prediction
An algorithm needs to go through training-test steps for predictions, such as making numerical estimates and predicting class. In this context, data mining algorithms are evaluated in two categories: Supervised and Unsupervised. Supervised learning algorithms were used in the final project because i have the labeled value in the dataset. Providing information to the system is mentioned in case of supervised learning. It is to observe the system and determine which classes and quantities. Algorithms such as regression and classification are covered in this group. As a result of these operations, the model obtained is used to make predictions for test data and new data. In order for us to use algorithms based on supervised learning in the project, the data set must be suitable for it so must have labeled. that is, the patient / not patient. In order for us to use algorithms based on supervised learning in the project, the data set must be suitable for it. Must have tagged values. that is, the patient / not patient. That's why i downloaded the diabetes data set from kaggle. our goal is to educate this data set to predict whether people are sick and how much i have been able to predict correctly. I will allocate 20% of the data set for the test and then estimate the percentage of success in the data set which is trained. I used classification and regression methods. KNN, decision tree vs random forest were used for classification. Logistic regression was used for regression. You can reach Diabetes Dataset from link. https://www.kaggle.com/johndasilva/diabetes
